Miss my table
There is a yellow bag on the wall
Can you help me get it?
Oh, got it.
Oh, thank you.
I made some hand-rolled noodles. Have some
Well, thanks.
This noodle is delicious
You've worked hard with the kids these days
It's not hard, the children are very obedient and easy to take care of.
Tomorrow, I will take Yaoyao to the city
It's time to settle the work matter after so long
Then I'll ask Aunt Liu to come and take care of the child
No need, I'll take you there
What's wrong with the little dick?
elder brother
That woman is bringing mutton back to the city tomorrow
It must be the same as what grandma Niu said
He's going to sell the lamb. He's a human trafficker.